You start.
Chen Yang, let me introduce it to you. This is Lin County.
Grandma Lin. Grandma Lin.
Grandma Lin. This is my wife Chen Yang.
My wife is a little shy. I won’t get the household registration with you first.
Grandma Lin. I'll take you upstairs first.
Grandma Lin. The daughter-in-law of this village in Lin County,
She hates her father. She can't see rich people.
Don't lie to her. Is that okay? Why do you want to hate me?
Hatred father. I just hate rich people.
Do you understand? I also pity the old lady.
I am also very poor grandma
I won’t say much else.
Come on, that stupid lady
Not in the multi-million dollar Beijui Shoulou
I am also a street vendor.
Hello grandma
i heard inside
Someone is talking at the door
Just come out and take a look
I haven’t promised you, okay? No, you can’t.